[DELETE THIS LATER: everyone please feel free to add whatever you'd like
and make any edits you feel necessary! for the coming up weeks i
will figure out a nicer way to divy up work but i was swamped this
week and completely forgot]

1) In 2–3 sentences, clearly summarize your overall project objective. How has your project goal
evolved since last week? Indicate any updates, refinements, or changes to your goal since the
previous week.

Our project goal is to help UpOrlando optimize their Mobile Prosperity Program's (MPP) food market.
We are in early project stages, compiling our data and planning potential project directions. Most
importantly, we are creating a list of critical questions for UpOrlando and our project team; their 
answers will clarify questions about data and inform us of the most strategic path forward. Some
of these questions were answered during our Wednesday visit to the MPP pop-up.


2) What was the most important mathematical idea you encountered this week?

As we are in the early stages of project planning, understanding our data has been critical. Our
research will be based around what we are able to do with the numbers we are given (and what
other numbers we can figure out with those numbers), so being able to comprehend and make
inferences with our data is very important.


3) Provide a clear and detailed account of the work completed during the past week. This may
include, but is not limited to:
Read the cited article: Cite a specific article and (key points should be part of your weekly
progress presentation)
Mathematical results completed or partially derived. (again, the results are part of your weekly
progress presentation)
Each item listed under section 3 should be precise, please do not use vague statements like, I
read a paper, etc…

In order to better understand UpOrlando and their mission with the MPP, we visited one of their pop-up
markets Wednesday evening. We spoke with some volunteer/marketing employees from Florida Blue Health,
as well as the ED of UpOrlando. Although an additional visit to the UpOrlando campus will be helpful
in order to receive more data and familiarize ourselves more with the organization, this visit 
was very illuminating.
We found an article titled WEM: A Node Importance Algorithm in Weighted Networks. It describes a novel method to calculate
node importance. Our group is uncertain exactly how our final solution will look, but a weighted
graph is possible. The use of WEM could be extraordinarily useful as it runs in linear time, 
and would reduce time spent creating large and complex matrices. 
(Linjie, Chen & Zhao, Na & Li, Jie & Long, Zhen & Jing, Ming & Wang, Jian. (2021). WEM: A Node Importance Algorithm in Weighted Networks. 10.20944/preprints202301.0385.v1.)


4) Describe any difficulties encountered (examples: computational issues, group communication,
math issues) and discussed how your group attempted to solve the problem.

Our greatest difficulty is both a lack of comprehensive data and lack of specific direction. This
inhibits our ability to get working quickly; we have come up with some potential project
directions and a list of questions in order to receive clarifying information from our partners
at UpOrlando. Additionally, we as a group visited one of UpOrlando's MPP pop-ups in order to
ask preliminary questions and learn more about their mission, needs, and routines. Although
we still need more information, the visit was highly insightful.


5) Group Contributions: Briefly state each group member’s contribution that week. (The same
people cannot make similar contributions week after week, meaning you cannot always be the
person who read a peer-reviewed journal article and summarize it for your group)

Ava: organizing channels of work/communication and meeting schedules, pitching preliminary ideas


6) How did you meet (in-person or Zoom) and how many times did you meet? Please include
your attendance sheet from your meetings.

We have scheduled meetings for Thursdays during lunch (in-person), and Monday evenings 
after class (digital). All group members attended both meetings.
